End-User License Agreement (EULA) of IRNet

This End-User License Agreement ("EULA") is a legal agreement between you and BuildToApp.

This EULA agreement governs your acquisition and use of our IRNet software ("Software") directly from BuildToApp or indirectly through a BuildToApp authorized reseller or distributor (a "Reseller").

Please read this EULA agreement carefully before completing the installation process and using the IRNet software. It provides a license to use the IRNet software and contains warranty information and liability disclaimers.

By installing and/or using the IRNet software, you are confirming your acceptance of the Software and agreeing to become bound by the terms of this EULA agreement.

If you are entering into this EULA agreement on behalf of a company or other legal entity, you represent that you have the authority to bind such entity to these terms. If you do not have such authority, or if you do not agree with the terms of this EULA agreement, do not install or use the Software, and you must not accept this EULA agreement.

This EULA agreement shall apply only to the Software supplied by BuildToApp herewith regardless of whether other software is referred to or described herein. The terms also apply to any BuildToApp updates, supplements, Internet-based services, and support services for the Software unless other terms accompany those items on delivery. If so, those terms apply.

License Grant
BuildToApp hereby grants you a personal, non-transferable, non-exclusive license to use the IRNet software on your devices in accordance with the terms of this EULA agreement.

You are permitted to load the IRNet software on a single computer or multiple devices (as agreed upon in your license purchase), under your control. You are responsible for ensuring your device meets the minimum requirements of the IRNet software.

You are not permitted to:

Edit, alter, modify, adapt, translate, or otherwise change the whole or any part of the Software, nor permit the whole or any part of the Software to be combined with or become incorporated into any other software, nor decompile, disassemble or reverse engineer the Software or attempt to do any such things.
Reproduce, copy, distribute, resell, or otherwise use the Software for any commercial purpose.
Allow any third party to use the Software on behalf of or for the benefit of any third party.
Use the Software in any way that breaches any applicable local, national, or international law.
Use the Software for any purpose that BuildToApp considers is a breach of this EULA agreement.
Intellectual Property and Ownership
BuildToApp shall at all times retain ownership of the Software as downloaded by you and all subsequent downloads of the Software. The Software (and the copyright, and other intellectual property rights of whatever nature in the Software, including any modifications made thereto) are and shall remain the property of BuildToApp.

BuildToApp reserves the right to grant licenses to use the Software to third parties.

Termination
This EULA agreement is effective from the date you first use the Software and shall continue until terminated. You may terminate it at any time upon written notice to BuildToApp.

It will also terminate immediately if you fail to comply with any term of this EULA agreement. Upon such termination, the licenses granted by this EULA agreement will immediately terminate, and you agree to stop all access and use of the Software. The provisions that by their nature continue and survive will survive any termination of this EULA agreement.

Limitation of Liability
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, in no event shall BuildToApp, its affiliates, licensors, or suppliers be liable for any special, incidental, indirect, or consequential damages whatsoever arising out of the use of or inability to use the Software (including, without limitation, damages for loss of profits, loss of data, business interruption, or any other pecuniary loss).

Governing Law
This EULA agreement, and any dispute arising out of or in connection with this EULA, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the country, state, or jurisdiction in which BuildToApp is registered, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.

Open Source Components
Some components of the Software may be licensed under an open-source license, and the terms of the open-source licenses may override the terms of this EULA. You can find a list of these components and their licenses on the project’s official repository at: GitHub Repository of IRNet.

Contact Information
If you have any questions about this EULA, please contact BuildToApp at:

Email: matthew.s@buildtoapp.com
Address: Los Angles, U.S